(Pet's POV) 


                          
I am walking down the street, everything seems to be so calm today, the sky, the animals that probably ate my grandma, the water that my father was pissing in, the grass my sister shortened today. I take out my phone and begin searching big booty empress on it. I start scrolling trough the pictures, finding a beautiful, green haired, chunky nature queen called SexyLeafu.


                          
"Shes so beautiful" I gasp, checking out her bio that makes my heart melt. "I shat in the sink." "Shes perfect." I think to myself. I open up my discord and text her. "Hey smexy." She  insantly texts back "Let me shit in your mouth while you barf on me." I can't take this anymore.


                          
(NSFW WARNING HERE) uwu


                          
I run back home, opening the front door and running into my room. I take off my clothes and put on my hello kitty diaper. I instantly get hard and start cutting off my penis. I look at my beautiful white wall, so white and clean that it made my nonexistent penis even harder. I start fingering myself, while licking my wall and shitting in my diaper. I feel like a zepeto bad boy rn. I finnaly ejeculate blood while i shit on my wall. It felt so good that I didnt even realize that my gf Leafu is looking at me in shock. "What the fuck" she shouts. "Don't waste your cum on a stupid wall but waste it on me!!"She screeches like a dog while she rips my nipples off and agressively sarts munching on them.


                          
I cry out in pain to the point that i grab her and throw her down the stairs, wich made me even harder. The sight of her skull opening made me fantasize about dead bodies.  I continue to finger myself since i have no other option becasuse my member kinda dissapeared. Instead of leafu being dead, she stands up and goes up the stairs. I screech in fear.Suddenly, leafu grabs gorilla glue and my penis and glues it back. She whispers to me in a seducing tone: "Glue me into wall daddy." I couldn't understand how could this stupid ass bitch be my wife. 


                          
I snatch the glue out of her hand and glue her eyelids together, since i have a fetish for blind people. I rip her clothes apat and start fucking her. Best experince of my life I have to say. I then slice her open and eat her organs. I dispose her body with the feeling of victory. And that's how I became a child rapist.

